WMTS image provider with subdomains drops query (#9606)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

##### Fixes :wrench:

> - Fixed the `subdomains` feature that is provided by `UrlTemplateImageryProvider`and available to `WebMapServiceImageryProvider` and `WebMapTileServiceImageryProvider`. [#9606](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9606)

Reviewer: I'd make this more specific -
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in `WebMapTileServiceImageryProvider` where using URL subdomains caused query parameters to be dropped from requests. [#9606](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9606)
```
